Allow disable compat (#65)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-wordpress-plugin: readme.txt

 
== Changelog ==

= 1.8.0 =

> * Added option to disable recaptchacompat (stop replacing other instances of reCAPTCHA with hCaptcha).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added option to disable reCAPTCHA Compatibility (use if including both hCaptcha and reCAPTCHA on the same page)
```
